[crowd applauding]
[Wendy on mic] Thank you, Clare.
Hello everyone.
A few people have asked me
why the Byrde Family Foundation
would be willing to work with a company
like Shaw Medical Solutions
when many people today
feel that that company
is the cause of the problem
that we're here to fight.
And I won't argue with that.
They are culpable.
What I will tell you
is that it would have been easy
for Clare Shaw and her company
to pay their fines and move on.
Many pharmaceutical companies
have done just that.
They refuse to engage with
the communities that they've damaged.
They refuse to admit
they've even made a mistake,
let alone attempt directly
to put that right.
Clare Shaw has changed that.
She wants to make up
for the mistakes of Shaw Medical.
To put their money where their mouth is
and make a difference to the communities
that have been hardest hit
by the opioid crisis.
And that's why the Byrde Family Foundation
is proud to work alongside Shaw Medical
to deliver three new
regional rehabilitation centers
right here in the Ozarks.
It is hard to find a family in the Midwest
that has not been touched
by the opioid crisis.
Including my own.
My younger brother, Ben…
has battled with
addiction issues his entire life.
That's why these centers
mean so much to me.
That's why I'm willing
to let Shaw Medical
make up for their mistakes.
If Ben had found
services like these as a younger man,
he would've gotten the help he needed,
and my family would know
where my brother is today.
Our hope one day
is that all families will be safe.
Thank you.
[engine turns over]
[rhythmic pulse beating]
Um, you need to catch the bus home today.
I thought you had SAT prep.
Mom needs me to cover the office.
What?
Prep's important.
Don't skip it just to make Mom happy.
I'm not. I'll make it up.
-I will!
-[phone buzzing]
I gotta take this.
-[Jonah] Hello?
-Hey, I need you to come over.
We got too much fucking cash.
We need to think bigger on the refit.
I had to buy a second fucking safe.
I mean, it's a good problem to have,
but we gotta get it washed, you know?
I'll come over after school.
We can make a few night deposits.
That'll relieve some of the overflow.
Hey, uh, hold on one sec.
Hey, Janet Rae! Get your butt over here.
I got a complaint.
Cash missing from room 12.
What did you do?
I didn't take nothing, I promise.
Yeah, probably fell out
of a pocket or something.
You know, I-- I'll bet
they'll find it under the bed
when they get back
from the lake tonight, right?
I bet they will.
Good.
Hear what I gotta deal with?
If I thought I was
gonna have to run the place,
I would have bought a fun business
like a fucking jet ski shop or something.
Why don't you hire a manager?
Someone you trust.
Who the fuck do you trust around here?
Then hire someone who's too stupid
to figure out what we're doing.
[school bell ringing]
[Sam] It's really great of you
to think of me.
Mm. First name sprung to mind. I swear.
Thanks. Look, uh…
I know I screwed up
at Lickety Splitz. I get that.
No, you screwed Jade.
There's a difference.
You were still a good manager.
-Yeah, did she tell you we broke up?
-No, we don't socialize.
By text. Yeah, by text,
and she pawned my mom too.
Your mom?
Yeah, there's this process
where ashes can be pressed into--
Know what? I don't wanna know.
-Um--
-No, no no!
-No! No! Fuck!
-[gambler shouting] No, no, no!
[patrons whooping]
[indistinct chattering]
Uh, just come manage the Lazy-O for me
and you'll make
more than enough to make Jade sorry.
[in Spanish] I don't care. Hire security,
do what you gotta do,
but don't let this happen again. Got it?
Okay, bye.
[phone beeps off]
[sighs and mutters in Spanish]
Do I need to worry?
[sighs impatiently] About what?
[Marty] About, you know, that.
What-- What-- Whatever
you're worried about.
[huffs] That's the third time this month
we've had a shipment seized.
Wow. Another cash truck?
-Like they knew it was coming.
-Hmm.
Wow. Well, I mean, maybe that's-- what--
a very small percentage
of your annual revenue. Yeah?
Just maybe look at it as-- as breakage,
the price of doing business.
[Javi] This is different.
It is usually DEA.
This time my guys saw FBI.
FBI? Hmm.
Maybe your fed can poke around.
Find out if there's an informant.
Uh…
I'll ask.
Give me her number. I'll ask.
Oh, I… [chuckles]
I think she'll-- she'll only deal with me.
Eyes on the road. Please.
Yeah, I'll ask.
[van beeping]
[Javi] Lift your arms.
All right, he's clean. Let's go.
Gotta check the contents first.
Open that one.
[Javi] It's pure.
[device trills]
-Now that one.
-It's all there, man.
Let's just open it up.
Thank you.
[device trills]
-[device trills]
-[Marty] We good?
Good. Okay, let's load 'em up.
Load 'em up.
And, uh, this is
your, uh-- your air waybill,
your customs manifest
and the dock receipt. Okay? So…
All right?
[phone chimes]
[Wendy] News?
The shipment's on its way to the factory.
When will we know for sure?
Once it lands in Springfield,
they'll log it into the system.
As long as nothing flags, we're fine.
I will call Business Affairs
in the morning.
You'll have your
first installment by 10:00 a.m.
That's wonderful.
This is gonna make a huge difference.
You know, even after my brother dragged
our family name through the mud,
my father was still reluctant to give me
my shot at running the company.
Don't worry.
Marty is very good at this.
He better be.
[rap music blaring over speakers]
Whoa, wait, you're…
-[man] Yeah.
-[chuckling] Yeah!
Come on. You're comin' with me.
Sorry. Can't. Work shit.
This is your limo service.
You gotta see how it rides.
I'm guessing it rides like a fucking car.
[chuckles]
I'm not takin' no for an answer.
The truth is I'm fuckin' banned.
It's a long story.
Fuck them. As much cash
as we throw down at that place?
They're gonna have to let you in
with us. You! My man!
Yes, Mr. Stone.
You can cover, right?
Of course, Mr. Stone.
Of course he can cover.
You're gonna start calling me
Ms. Langmore now?
[chuckling]
Well, I mean, it's Kerry Stone.
Eh, what the fuck.
-Right? I dunno.
-That's my motto.
-Don't fuck anything up.
-[Sam] Yup.
[whistles]
Don't fuck anything up.
[Marty] Hey, everything okay?
[Charlotte] Ruth's here.
She's here with Kerry Stone
and a few other high rollers
and they say they won't play
unless we let her in.
Um, well, how-- how's she acting?
I don't know. Annoyed.
Impatient.
You know…
like Ruth.
Ugh, for fuck's sake, Marty! I just
wanna play some cards with my friends!
Charlotte, put her on.
[Ruth clears her throat]
-[Marty] Hey, what's going on?
-[Ruth] Nothing is going on.
Jesus! And for the record,
the fact I'm not talking your high rollers
out of coming to your casino
is a reason to thank me,
not sic your fucking teenager on me.
[men chuckle]
I'm trusting you. Okay?
[Ruth scoffs]
I'm just here to play cards. I promise.
Got it.
Tell Charlotte that I said it's okay
and that I'm on my way in, please.
Bye.
Move.
-He's on his way.
-[Charlotte scoffs]
[Javi] That was Charlotte?
You should have said hello for me.
Hey, what-- what the fuck are you doing?
Trying to get pulled over?
Ah, why are you such a tight ass, Marty?
Ándele.
Oh, thank you.
Cheers.
[Javi laughing]
[Kerry] Here we go, Ruth! Come on now!
-[dealer] Eleven!
-Whoo!
-Yeah!
-[gamblers cheering]
-[chuckling] Yes.
-[Ruth chuckling] Yeah.
Hey, Carla!
Looks like more fun of this side
of the tables. Is this for you?
No, that's for my friend Kerry here.
You're not gonna make me
drink alone, are you?
It's a bit early in the day for me.
[chuckles politely]
Hit me, Carla.
[dealer] Six. Easy six.
[Kerry chuckling] Yeah!
[reporter on TV]
…host to three new rehab centers.
A local businesswoman
and co-founder of The Byrde Foundation…
-What else can I get you?
-Just a water. Thanks.
…Byrde was proud
to announce their partnership
with pharmaceutical giant, Shaw Medical.
[gamblers cheering]
Hey, would you turn that up?
My younger brother, Ben…
has battled with
addiction issues his entire life.
That's why these centers
mean so much to me.
That's why I'm willing to let Shaw
Medical make up for their mistakes.
If Ben had found
services like these as a younger man,
he would've gotten the help he needed,
and my family would know
where my brother is today.
What the fuck?
Our hope one day
is that all families will be safe.
[bugs chirring]
I saw the, uh, press conference today.
Good job.
Thanks.
Um, you want to-- You want
to talk about the Ben of it all?
Not really, no.
'Cause it's a really, really bad idea.
[dealer] No more bets!
Go again, go again. Hard six.
-[gamblers cheering]
-Yeah!
Oh my God!
[sinister music playing]
-[snorts]
-[gamblers cheering]
-Whoo!
-Oh yeah!
-[Ruth] Oh my God.
-Yes!
[snorting]
[blows]
[gambler] Come on!
[gamblers cheering]
-[shrieks] Oh yeah!
-[laughing]
[groans]
[snorting]
[snorting] Oh!
[strained snorting]
[voices grow distant]
[Ruth] I don't know! I don't know.
All right.
-[dealer] Nine!
-[all exclaim]
[gamblers cheering]
[suspenseful music building]
Kerry?
Kerry!
[voice echoing] Kerry! Kerry!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
[shouting] Kerry! Kerry!
Fuck! Fuck!
Shit! Shit! Move! Move!
Open the fucking office!
Open the fucking office now!
Shit. Move!
[panting] Move. Fuck. Fuck.
[Kerry coughs]
[Kerry gasping]
[shuddering] You dumb fuckin' fuck.
[ambulance wailing]
What the hell happened?!
[siren wailing]
Kerry Stone OD'd, heroin,
but-- but-- but he's-- he's gonna be fine.
[Wendy] And where did he get the heroin?
How the fuck should I know?
Really? You just happened
to show up at our casino
with a bunch of high rollers
who just happened to be doing heroin?
I trusted you, Ruth.
That's all you ever
fucking care about, isn't it?
How something affects you
or your business!
Somebody almost fucking died tonight!
Exactly. Because of you.
I saved him.
Do you ever get tired
of lying to yourself?
Don't talk to me about fucking lies.
[Wendy] So what
should we say to the sheriff
when she asks us if we have
any idea how that man got drugs?
[Marty] Wendy…
Look, I don't want to see you
anywhere near here ever again. Okay?
Go home. Go home.
-[car door opens]
-Go on!
[engine revs]
[crickets chirping]
What the hell
are you doing here at this hour?
We had a fuck-up and I wanted
you to hear about it from me first.
It wasn't her fault.
Kerry Stone OD'd at the casino.
Don't worry, I-- I covered our tracks.
Nobody will know it's our shit.
I knew bringing him in on this
was trouble!
I took care of it. I promise.
The rest of those guys just took off
before the cops even got there
and we didn't say shit.
Yeah. And we won't neither. Not a word.
You got that, Mrs. Snell. On my honor.
I do though,
just want to be sure
that my help is appreciated,
if you catch me?
Uh, I mean, if I'd known
this job meant lying to the police--
[Ruth] Are you fucking kidding me
with this shit?!
What the fuck?!
What the actual fucking fuck, Darlene?!
I've been in this long enough
to know when I'm being blackmailed!
His kind doesn't stop.
[sighs] Best field
to bury him in is Long Meadow.
Make sure you bring yourself some lye.
I am going back to bed.
[shuddering breath]
[Wyatt whimpers]
[door cranking]
[shovels digging]
[Ruth groans]
[grunts] Fuck!
[breathing heavily]
Ugh!
Fuck!
[Ruth grunting]
[Wyatt crying]
[shuddering] What the f--
[Ruth sniffling]
[Wyatt sobbing quietly]
You can crash
at the trailers tonight if you want.
[Wyatt sighs]
[Ruth sighs]
["Ca Plane Pour Moi"
by Plastic Bertrand playing]
♪ Wam! Bam! Mon chat, splatch ♪
♪ Gît sur mon lit a bouffé sa langue
En buvant dans mon whisky ♪
♪ Quant à moi, peu dormi, vidé, brimé ♪
♪ J'ai dû dormir dans la gouttière ♪
-♪ Où j'ai eu un flash ♪
-[singing along] ♪ Hou-hou-oou-oou! ♪
♪ En quatre couleurs ♪
♪ Allez hop! Un matin une louloute
Est v'nue chez-moi ♪
♪ Poupée de Cellophane, cheveux chinois ♪
♪ Un sparadrap, une gueule de bois ♪
♪ A bu ma bière dans
Un grand verre en caoutchouc ♪
♪ Hou-hou-oou-oou! ♪
♪ Comme un indien dans son igloo… ♪
Hi. I was wondering if you could help me.
I'm a private investigator.
[singing along]
♪ Ça plane pour moi, moi, moi, moi, moi ♪
♪ Ça plane pour moi ♪
♪ Hou-hou-oou-oou! ♪
[music fades out]
How're you doing?
From around here?
We have a zero-tolerance policy
when it comes to illegal drug use.
The Missouri Belle has--
has created over 350 local jobs, Ann.
I'd call that a positive influence,
wouldn't you?
Yes, and-- and that's why
our drug facilities
are such a-- a timely addition
to the community.
Y-- Yes.
Yes, that's right.
My brother Ben struggled
with addiction his entire life.
It was devastating.
The first time he OD'd, he was 17.
Our hometown didn't have the facilities
we're building now, I can assure you.
And if they did, you know, maybe…
he would be here right now
and not missing.
Oh.
Well, thank you, Ann. That's--
That's really--That's really kind.
And thank you for letting us
tell our side of the story.
It'll-- It'll run tomorrow?
Oh, thank you.
We-- we really appreciate it.
Okay.
All right, thanks again. Bye.
Bye-bye. [inhales]
What-- What was that?
You know, Wendy, you can't talk
about him like that. It's reckless.
What's going on with this?
Hmm? Can you tell me?
It's…
good PR.
["Weepin Willow Tree"
by Gwynn Michaels playing on stereo]
[stereo stops]
[Mel] So, you haven't heard from him?
[man] I'm afraid
I didn't even know he was missing.
[Mel] Is that strange?
Going for so long
without having heard from him?
[man] Uh, he had a job
substitute teaching last semester.
He'd come over Sundays.
We'd watch the Panthers together
after services, but, uh… [chuckles]
…he's not one for the phone.
Did you know he lost that job?
It was something about, uh…
destroying student property
and assaulting a maintenance worker.
I'm only bringing that up
because I'm wondering
if he had a propensity
for that kind of thing?
Violence? I mean, anything that might
have led to him being gone missing.
[man exhales deeply]
My son has had some issues.
His brain chemistry…
Nothing you could do
anything about as a parent.
Just… wiring.
It…
No one's fault.
Then I suppose
you couple that with the drugs…
What's that?
Your son's drug problem?
He didn't have a drug problem.
Your daughter's opening up
a drug treatment center
and she said one of the reasons was
Ben had a lifelong battle with drugs
and she wanted to help families
in the same situation.
Wendy said that?
[Mel] She did.
Well… [sighs]
She lost the path a long time ago.
I wouldn't put much stock
in what she says.
[scoffs] Do you have any idea
where your son might've gone?
Maybe a place other people
don't know about?
I got a tank full of gas,
cat's with the sitter.
I'm happy to drive just about anywhere,
talk to just about anyone.
He bounces around a lot,
but he did have some people
in Wilmington for a bit
and he had one
pretty long stint in Knoxville.
That's where I'd probably start.
[groans] Sorry, it's,
uh, afternoon, I get tired.
Of course.
[sighs]
Folks you spoke to at church…
You mention this drug business?
No, sir. I did not.
[bugs chirring]
[knocking on door]
[harder knocking]
Ruth Langmore?
Yeah?
Sheriff Guerrero. Hi.
Mind if I ask what you were doing
at the Missouri Belle
last night with Kerry Stone?
Gambling.
With a celebrity chef
and a guy who owns
part of a football team?
I guess so.
How do you know Mr. Stone?
I used to work at the Missouri Belle and…
I guess he liked me.
Does he hang out with
a lot of other former employees?
Couldn't say.
I heard you NARCAN'd him
back to life last night.
Guess he owes you one too.
How'd you know what he was on?
Lucky guess.
I took a look at your record, Ruth.
Petty theft, B and E,
driving without a license.
Not a thing on there
you can't leave behind if you want to.
But dealing drugs? Dealing heroin?
Thanks for the advice.
We good?
Not quite.
I'm having trouble
tracking down Mr. Stone's driver,
Brinkley Simmons.
You know him?
Mm-mm.
No fucking idea. Sorry.
I don't think he's local.
Okay.
You mind how you go, Ruth.
You bet I will.
[indistinct police radio chatter]
-[car door slams]
-[engine revs]
[Wyatt] Is everything okay?
She's just fishing.
I should get back home.
[groans]
You can stay if you want.
No, it's fine. Darlene will be worried.
Could you, uh, give me a ride?
Sure.
Have you had any other drug-related
incidents in the past?
Certainly nothing-- nothing like this.
Just the occasional weed smoking
in the parking lot, that kind of thing,
and, uh, security usually handles that.
Anyone known to law enforcement
hang out here?
Known felons, parole violators, ex-cons?
Sorry to be playing catch-up.
Hazard of the acting sheriff gig.
[Marty] No one we've been warned about.
What about Ruth Langmore?
-What about her?
-She was with the man who OD'd.
She used to work for you, right?
Yeah, she did.
Can you tell me why you let her go?
She quit, actually.
Said she was looking for something bigger.
And what exactly did
that bigger thing turn out to be?
Uh, she bought the Lazy-O Motel
and, uh-- and she runs that now.
That's a lot of money for a girl her age.
Well, it's, you know--
Have you seen it? [chuckles]
Uh, we also, you know, we were paying
her extremely well when she was here.
She said she was trying
to work with her cousin Wyatt.
He lives with Darlene Snell.
Maybe Darlene helped her out
with an influx of cash.
Honestly, I-- I-- I think that,
you know, it's just, uh--
The, uh-- The Lazy-O is--
You know, it's a shithole.
[scoffs] Excuse my language.
I'm pretty sure she probably just
qualified for a small business loan.
That's, you know…
-Well, thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
This has been illuminating.
Yeah, okay, hope so.
Please enjoy the rest of your day.
[Guerrero] Mm-hmm.
What the fuck was that?
I was just answering questions.
You're pointing her straight to Ruth.
We have no reason to protect her.
No?
Maybe you've forgotten
that our son works for Ruth.
Ruth goes down, he goes down.
Maybe it's the best thing for him.
Tell me you're fucking joking.
He's a juvenile.
His record will be sealed when he's 18.
All right.
I'm not having this conversation.
-We're losing him, Marty.
-And you want to just lock him up?
-Is that what we should do?
-He won't serve time. We have connections.
Maybe one night in the sheriff's lock-up.
Then he'll be home.
-I want him home, Marty.
-I'm late for my own felony. See ya later.
[door buzzes]
[door clangs]
[in Spanish] Hi, Santos.
Are you okay?
[Santos] I'm well.
[Javi] That's good.
Tell me what happened.
[in Spanish] They had the road blocked.
We couldn't back out
and then they came.
[in Spanish] Anyone new on the job?
No. The same as always.
How many FBI agents did you see?
I don't know. Three… Maybe four.
Did you see a woman?
I don't know.
[sighs] It's your job to fucking remember.
So don't play stupid. Talk.
There were so many agents.
I didn't see faces, just uniforms.
The police, border patrol,
the DEA, the FBI…
[in English] He was facedown pretty fast.
Not surprised he can't identify anyone.
Can you get the body cam footage?
As part of discovery?
Shouldn't be a problem.
I want to see it the second you get it.
[Zeke cooing]
Hey.
I'm sorry about last night.
I know.
[Zeke gurgling]
[Darlene] Zeke's been missing you.
[kisses]
-Hey, buddy.
-[Zeke gurgles]
[Darlene] Thanks for bringing him back.
I suppose you saw Wendy Byrde on the news.
Yeah, I-- I've seen it.
Then you saw her tell that awful lie
about your boyfriend.
I'm sorry you had to hear
all this nonsense.
That snake of a woman is a goddamn curse.
Do you know she stole my rehab plan?
I lost my permits.
I would burn her at the stake
if I didn't think the Devil himself
would come up and save her.
Yeah. I'll, um…
I'll see you later, Darlene.
I'll see you later, sweetie.
[ominous music playing]
Hey! I want you to help me with something
for your cousin.
So, how was your stay, Mr. Stone?
Great, thanks.
That's good.
Hey, um, can I ask you
a personal question?
Sure. Why not?
Do you make paella?
I'm sorry?
See, I tried to make paella
for my ex-fiancée
and she told me
that it didn't taste authentic.
So I figured since, you know,
you're right here in front of me,
and you never know if you're gonna get
back together with someone that you might…
What are we talking about?
-A little chicken.
-Mm-hmm.
-Sausage.
-Yeah.
-Shrimp.
-Yep.
-Calamari.
-Oh yeah.
-Yeah. Maybe some chicken stock.
-Ooh, yeah.
-And tomatoes. Onions.
-Mm-hmm.
Exactly. Yeah.
-Garlic.
-Yeah.
-Mussels.
-Uh-huh.
Yeah. You're fuckin' smothering it, man.
-Wow, um…
-[brakes hissing]
Yeah, uh, thank you for that.
Yeah.
My driver quit.
I'll-- I'll take you to the airport.
You okay?
No. But that's not your problem.
I promise you'll be back in a limo
when you come back.
I'm not coming back.
It was just a bad night.
I'm going on 40.
And last night I almost died in a shithole
casino in the middle of shithole America.
I didn't climb out of a place like this
just to end up back in another one.
I'm sorry.
We're done.
[phone line ringing]
[Jonah] Hello?
[man] Jonah?
Yeah, this is Jonah.
Oh. Hey, Granddad.
You sound all grown up!
Yeah, I guess my voice has changed.
Is your mom home?
Yeah, she's right here.
Hey, Dad.
Were you planning on telling me
that your brother is missing?
I'm sorry. I guess I didn't realize
you'd be interested.
Do you have any idea how it makes me look
to hear that from a complete stranger
in my own living room?
Wendy?
Wendy Marie, do you hear me?
[phone bell clatters]
[slider door opens]
[Marty] Where the fuck are you?
[Javi] I think we have a mole.
What are you talking about?
Remember that breakage issue we discussed?
Cost of doing business?
Yeah. What about it?
Someone tipped the fucking FBI.
That is not possible.
[Javi] She was at the raid. I have proof.
[sighs] Marty?
Um, uh… [hesitates]
You know, um…
if-- if she was, you know, she--
She's still-- She's part of a task force.
So, you know, she can't
just refuse to do her work.
That would be too suspicious.
Why wouldn't she warn you?
I-- I don't know.
Maybe she didn't have time, or,
you know, the other agents were around.
[Javi] You said you can trust her.
[Marty] I can, and you know, we can.
No, no, no, no, no. Don't say "we."
There's no "we" right now.
Hang on a sec. Are-- Are you
accusing me of being the mole?
I-- I don't know where your drops are.
You know that.
Which is the only reason
you're alive right now.
Who else has access to her?
No one but me.
This is just--
This is a fucked-up coincidence.
Okay? That's-- That's--
That's all this is.
She got sucked up into the raid
as-- as part of the task force.
They're monitoring your men.
That's the only thing
that makes sense, okay?
But I'm gonna-- I'm gonna get
to the bottom of it, I promise.
I'm not making any more deliveries
until I know what went wrong.
And tell that Nazi to go fuck himself.
-[line disconnects]
-Ja-- Javi?
What is it? What'd he say?
He's not coming.
And go fuck yourself…
Wendy, we have a problem. Um…
Javi ID'd, uh, Maya at the money seizure.
And?
And I-- I bought us a minute,
but he's not going to make any more
deliveries until we find, uh, the mole.
[cell phone ringing]
I'll call Navarro.
[Marty] I think you gotta tell Clare too.
Pretty sure she knows.
What the fuck are we gonna do?
I dunno. But, um, just,
can you reassure her?
And I'll-- I'll think of something
on the way home.
Bye.
-We'll fix this.
-You better.
Your foundation has made a lot of
financial promises in the last week.
[Navarro] You know
I can't help you, Wendy.
Intervening will only raise
his suspicions, you know that.
Don't tell me you're afraid of him.
Wendy, is this going to be
one of those conversations, huh?
Where you try to tell me my business?
I just think it's time to think about
what your future looks like.
And what is that?
You want to be clean? Free? Clear?
You want your family safe?
What are you willing to sacrifice?
Who are you willing to sacrifice?
'Cause you'll never get that future
without giving something up.
In this future you talk about…
You and I…
Are we friends?
I don't know.
[Navarro] It's nice to hear your voice.
I'm not in the mood, Marty. Fuck off.
Well, I, um…
I wanted to say, uh, sorry if…
if I was too harsh last night.
Um…
You okay?
What did you think of me
when you first met me?
[Ruth clears her throat]
I, uh… I-- I thought that, um…
I thought that-- that you were clever.
You thought I was trash.
I gave you a job, didn't I?
I made you give me that job.
Uh, yeah, because you were clever.
God's a motherfucker.
Isn't he?
Built me smart enough
to know how fucked up my life is.
But not quite smart enough
to haul my ass out of it.
Uh…
I can help with that.
I, uh…
I can-- I can get you a payday
that'll take you wherever you want to go,
if you're interested.
Another Marty Byrde scheme.
That would make me
a dumb fucking fuck, wouldn't it?
I don't know.
Well…
Go on.
What you got?
I want to buy your product.
-[scoffs]
-Uncut, all of it.
You're fucking kidding me, right?
No. And I need it yesterday.
You a drug dealer now, or--?
It's not for me…
Can we do a deal?
I don't know.
I'll have to think about it.
I got business partners now.
Okay.
Why the fuck did she lie about Ben?
I wish I knew.
["A Lot" by 21 Savage playing]
♪ I break it down ♪
♪ Penitentiary chances
Just to make a couple bucks ♪
♪ My heart so cold
I could put it in my cup ♪
♪ Gang vs. the world
Me and my dawg, it was us ♪
♪ Then you went and wrote a statement
And that really fucked me up ♪
♪ My brother lost his life
And it turned me to a beast ♪
♪ My brother got life
And it turned me to the streets ♪
♪ I been through the storm
And it turned me to a G ♪
♪ But the other side was sunny
I get paid to rap on beats ♪
-♪ How much money you got? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ How many problems you got? ♪
-♪ How many doubted you? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ Left you out to rot? ♪
-♪ How many pray you flop? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ How many lawyers you got? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
♪ How many times you got shot? ♪
-♪ How many niggas you shot? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ How many times did you ride? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ How many niggas done died? ♪
♪ How many times did you cheat? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ How many times did you lie? ♪
-♪ How many times did she leave? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ How many times did she cry? ♪
♪ How many chances she done gave you? ♪
-♪ Fuck around with these thots ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
♪ Break it on down, I break it on down ♪
-♪ I break it on down ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-♪ I just came from the A ♪
♪ I drove back home
Six hour drive, six and a half ♪
♪ I break it down, I break it down
I break it on down ♪
♪ Before I left I stopped by to
See my nigga 21 in the studio ♪
♪ I break it on down
I break it on down ♪
♪ Yeah, two of his kids with him
Right in the studio, that's when I knew ♪
♪ You a stand-up nigga
I love seein' shit like that ♪
♪ Question ♪
-♪ How many faking they streams? ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
-♪ Getting they plays from machines ♪
-♪ A lot ♪
♪ I can see behind the smoke and mirrors ♪
♪ Niggas ain't really big as they seem ♪
-♪ Hmm ♪
-♪ I never say anything ♪
-♪ Nah ♪
-♪ Everybody got they thing ♪
-♪ True ♪
♪ Some niggas make millions ♪
-♪ Other niggas make memes ♪
-♪ Hmm ♪
♪ I'm on a money routine
I don't want smoke, I want cream ♪
♪ I don't want no more comparisons
This is a marathon ♪
♪ I'm aware I been playing it back
From a lack of promotions ♪
♪ I never was one
For bragging and boasting ♪
♪ Was hoping music'd speak for itself
But the people want everything else ♪
♪ Okay, no problem
I'll show up on everyone album ♪
♪ You know what the outcome will be
I'm batting a thousand ♪
♪ It's got to the point that these rappers
Don't like rappin' with me ♪
♪ Fuck it 'cause my nigga
21 Savage just hit me ♪
♪ And told me he saved me a spot
On a new record he got ♪
♪ He call it "a lot,"
I open my book and I jot ♪
♪ Pray for Tekashi, they want him to rot
I picture him inside a cell on a cot ♪
♪ 'Flectin' on how he made it to the top
Wondering if it was worth it or not ♪
♪ I pray for Markelle
'Cause they fucked up his shot ♪
♪ Want you to know you got it, my nigga
Though we never met, I know you special ♪
♪ And that the Lord blessed you
Don't doubt it, my nigga ♪
♪ Dennis Smith Jr., stay solid, my nigga
I'm on a tangent, not how I planned it ♪
[music fades out]